okay Ali now I'm going to tell you all
about all these buttons sort of okay
this top thing is left center and right
and you move it by moving this and what
that is is the needle position right
here so if it's in center the needles
coming straight down if I move it to the
left see it shift to the left I don't I
didn't ever hardly ever do that so just
make sure that stays on Center this
bottom thing is the stitch width which
makes sense when you're doing zigzags
but when you're just doing straight
stitching it stays there on that red dot
I think actually we'll see this is your
pattern selector so if you're going to
do straight stitches this is the one it
is between the red lines see the red
lines right there or showing you that
we're doing straight stitching if you
want to switch to zigzag which is the
one over you have to push it in and move
it and pull it back out or if you want
to do that's like a ham stitch push it
in move it over pull it back I didn't
ever do anything other than those three
so straight is mostly what you want down
here is your stitch length and so for
just a normal straight stitch you want
it like around ten that's like I think
it's ten stitches per inch maybe and
then if you want really teensy tiny
stitches you could do 20 stitches but
like normal sewing is about ten eleven
twelve somewhere around there if you're
basting which is you know just trying to
get something put together really fast
you know don't really care whether it's
stated together it's not meant to hold
it then move it to like six and it makes
big a long stitches so keep it on ten
eleven twelve somewhere around there
this button is reversed so when you hold
this button down your stitching is going
to go backwards from the normal way I'll
show you that in a minute
this up here is your thread tension and
that has to do with whether or not
okay ideally what you want is the top
thread and the bottom thread to meet in
the middle
if your tensions too tight then the
bobbin thread will be all loose and the
top thread will be too too tight or it
could be the other way around and what
you really want is for those two threads
to meet in the you know in the middle of
your fabric you want it to be even and
it has to do with what kind of fabric
you run through there you just have to
experiment with that that's all the
buttons oh wait wait this oh I got to
show you that later all right it's all
good